README.md, before:

# Example Animations using GSAP
This repository contains examples of animations using GSAP (GreenSock Animation Platform). GSAP is a JavaScript library for creating high-performance animations that work in every major browser. It is a suite of tools for scripted, high-performance HTML5 animations that work in all major browsers. No other library delivers such advanced sequencing, reliability, API efficiency, and tight control while solving real-world problems on over 4 million sites.

## Getting Started with React and GSAP
To get started with GSAP, you need to include the GSAP library in your project. You can download the GSAP library from the official website or use the CDN link to include it in your project.

### Pre-requisites
1. Node.js (https://nodejs.org/)
2. npm (Node Package Manager)
3. npx (Node Package Runner)

### Initialize your React project
In order to create a new React project, you can use the following command:
```bash
npx create-react-app . --template typescript
```

### Install GSAP
You can install GSAP using npm:
```bash
npm install gsap
```

### Include GSAP in your project
You can include GSAP in your project using the following import statement:
```javascript
import { gsap } from 'gsap';
```

## Examples
1. Parallax Effect using GSAP `/src/components/MouseParallax.tsx`
2. Word Flip Effect using GSAP `/src/components/Flipper.tsx`

## Demo
[Parallax and Word Flip](/data/parallax-flipper.mp4)

## Running the project
To run the project, you can use the following command:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/oof-gg/example-react-components.git
npm install
npm start
```

Commit message:

📝 docs(README.md): update Demo section with new description and GIF for Parallax and Word Flip effect 🚚 chore: remove parallax-flipper.mp4 and add parallax-flipper.gif for demo illustration

README.md, after:

# Example Animations using GSAP
This repository contains examples of animations using GSAP (GreenSock Animation Platform). GSAP is a JavaScript library for creating high-performance animations that work in every major browser. It is a suite of tools for scripted, high-performance HTML5 animations that work in all major browsers. No other library delivers such advanced sequencing, reliability, API efficiency, and tight control while solving real-world problems on over 4 million sites.

## Getting Started with React and GSAP
To get started with GSAP, you need to include the GSAP library in your project. You can download the GSAP library from the official website or use the CDN link to include it in your project.

### Pre-requisites
1. Node.js (https://nodejs.org/)
2. npm (Node Package Manager)
3. npx (Node Package Runner)

### Initialize your React project
In order to create a new React project, you can use the following command:
```bash
npx create-react-app . --template typescript
```

### Install GSAP
You can install GSAP using npm:
```bash
npm install gsap
```

### Include GSAP in your project
You can include GSAP in your project using the following import statement:
```javascript
import { gsap } from 'gsap';
```

## Examples
1. Parallax Effect using GSAP `/src/components/MouseParallax.tsx`
2. Word Flip Effect using GSAP `/src/components/Flipper.tsx`

## Demo
Example of Parallax and Word Flip effect using GSAP. To see the real performance of GSAP, you can run the project and see the animations in action.
![Parallax and Word Flip](/data/parallax-flipper.gif)

## Running the project
To run the project, you can use the following command:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/oof-gg/example-react-components.git
npm install
npm start
```
